<ui:composition 
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
    template="template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="title">Home Page - UTCS</ui:define>
    <ui:define name="content">

<div class="home-content">
		<h2>Welcome to UrbanTech Co-Working Spaces (UTCS)</h2>
		<p>Founded by Alex Johnson in 2018, UTCS is a modern co-working
			space located in the heart of Roscommon’s IDA Business Park. After
			years in the San Francisco tech scene, Alex returned to Ireland with
			a vision: to create more than just a workspace— a thriving community
			of innovation and collaboration.</p>

		<p>UTCS offers a variety of themed zones including Open Desks,
			Private Offices, Meeting Pods, Conference Rooms, and an Event Area.
			Members also enjoy amenities such as the in-house Urban Café,
			promoting a balanced and productive work atmosphere.</p>

		<p>To better serve our growing community, we are launching a new
			digital management system. This platform allows members to register,
			reserve spaces, and pay securely via PayPal. Admin can manage
			listings and pricing, while management has access to essential
			financial reports—all through a user-friendly, secure interface.</p>

		<p>Whether you're a freelancer, a startup, or part of a larger
			team, UTCS is your space to grow, connect, and succeed.</p>
	</div>


</ui:define>
</ui:composition>

